hey guys it's Britney here miss lamb
burger likes 92 welcome to my channel
live once again in my room I wanted to
do this tutorial because of my last make
a video I got a lot of requests to do my
topknot um this is pretty much my go-to
style when I have my hair out I've
actually had my hair in crochet braids
the last month and a half and I just
took him out last night and this was a
style I went directly to its pretty much
no prep time it's pretty much no wait
time it's just a quick and easy style
and some wearable with pretty much
anything he do casual you can do dress
up it's just a really really good style
um it might just be a bug for you for me
it's a top knot coz my bun is a lot
smaller than this so if you're
interested in keep watching I'll see you
guys isn't Excel my first of all you
want start out with stretched hair if
you want to stretch it with twists or
grades or just putting a towel on it or
shirt on it to let your hair dry anyway
you want to stretch it if you're you
know doing this from an old style it
pretty much can work with any type of
prep um but you want your hair to be a
little bit stretched unless your hair is
very long you don't really need to
stretch it so I here is getting longer
not long enough that I don't need to
stretch it so I decided to just um put
in a bun I already had it air dry and I
just couldn't going to stretch it so now
I'm going to do my tub nut okay um next
you want to get a moisturizer or a
pomade or gel anything that you want to
use to slick your hair down in the front
my hair is already really
sure eyes and since i'm probably going
to do my crochet braids in a couple days
I don't want to put a gel on it because
I don't want to have to like completely
wash it so I'm just going to use this
olive oil smooth and hold pudding and
just going to slip my edges down oh hi
the front of my hair in the back of my
chair okay next are going to want a
brush either a hard bristle brush or
deafness rush i'm going to use like a
wave brush and just smooth my hair down
after you kind of smooth your hair down
all around you want to push it from the
back towards the top of your head so
you're kind of smoothing it all the way
up like this to prepare for your not
swing a shoestring stretchy something
anything pretty much just a string
that's long enough to go around or not
and you're going to take it to the back
your head tie it in the front
and push it upwards for the top of your
head then after you push it up to where
you kind of want it to start tightening
you're going to call the strength okay
now if your string it short you can tie
it in the front mushrooms long enough to
tie it right in the back who's going to
tie it once and then pin the rest to the
side so it's not like a giant bow in the
back into the bobby pin
so right now you have like a puff on the
top of your head if your hair is like
mine then your longer length is probably
going to be at the top not necessarily
in the back so you just gonna flip it on
itself seemed to not okay from there you
just need a pin as many pins as you need
and you're going to pin the excess hair
down and then to the other side and that
is it literally took me three months to
do this it's probably gonna be faster
the video but that's it
you